 a man holds onto a moving chain .
 a men cuting a chiken
 the man is shaking the plastic container .
 a player strikes a home run .
 a man is draining some pasta .
 a woman is chopping garlic .
 a horse and rider are running a fence jumping course .
 that batsman scored a perfect home run
 a person is drawing a picture .
 somebody is cutting vegetables .
 a man walks down a staircase .
 a man explaining how to make buttermilk fried chicken
 the little girl sat up in bed after waking up .
 someone is slicing broccoli .
 two men are fighting and they get help from two friends .
 a woman riding a horse jumps over a bar .
 anyone is making cartoonn
 a man swings on the wire that is hanging from the ceiling .
 a man is demonstrating the sharpness of different types of knives .
 a batter hits a baseball .
 the batsmen hits the ball for a home run
 one man is removing something
 a man is swinging from a chain in a garage .
 someone stirs a cup of liquid .
 two men are talking .
 a man is making drawing
 a man is marrying a woman .
 a man put a necklace around a woman s neck .
 a chef is chopping a vegetable .
 a man is throwing a tomato at a knife to cut it in half .
 a man is swinging from a rope attached to the ceiling .
 the person is doing the something
 a man swings across the room on a chain .
 the man slid down the flag pole .
 a young couple singing and dancing
 a cook is cutting a vegetable to made very small pieces .
 the person is cutting the onion leaf into fine pieces .
 a man is sprinkling spices on chicken .
 the man threw the tomatoe on the knife to slice it .
 a girl is wakening from sleep .
 a chef cutting vegetables .
 a person is mixing a small pan .
 a woman is chopping up garlic .
 the lady cut up broccoli .
 a lady is chopping the fresh garlic
 a man puts a necklace around a woman s neck and the people around them cheer .
 someone trying to cook the buttermilk fried chicken .
 two men are discussing each other .
 a baseball player is hitting a home run .
 a man is walking down stairs .
 the man jumped to a pole from the roof of a building .
 a person is peeling shrimp .
 a man puts a necklace on a woman .
 a man jumps off a roof .
 a man is jumping down with the help of a pole .
 someone is petting a lemur .
 a man is riding a horse .
 a cook is chopping a mushroom .
 a cook slices and dices a green onion .
 a person is drawing a cartoon character .
 a person is tickling an animal .
 playing base ball
 a man is jumping on a pillar and fell down .
 someone swinging on a chain .
 a man is going down using steps .
 a white man fall from roof
 a man and a woman dance in front of a waterfall .
 cooking with jack show making fasta pasta .
 a person on a horse is jumping hurdles .
 a guy is playing in the room .
 a man is moving a box .
 a man is falling from a roof while he tries to climb down through a flagpole .
 a person is stirring a liquid in a pan .
 play in pace ball
 a person plays with a lemur .
 a man is jumping a horse .
 fighting for succes
 a person is cooking something .
 a person is petting a baby sloth .
 a player scores six in a match .
 the man swung from a rope .
 the artist drew the character lucy from peanuts .
 chicken pieces are being coated with spices and tossed in a bowl .
 raw chicken  in a bowl   is being seasoned . 
 a man is talking to another man .
 a man is putting a necklace on a woman .
 a woman is cutting broccoli .
 how to make a butter milk fried chicken
 a person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife .
 choping vagitable
 a group of boys gets into a fight .
 a man cutting mushroom in to pieces .
 the man is walking
 a person is stirring sodium acetate in a pan .
 a man splits open a tomato .
 a man is swinging on a rope .
 boys fight .
 a scene from an asian film .
 the man shook the rest of the marinade into the sink !
 the baby is sleeping
 a man playing with animal .
 two men are talking to each other .
 a video on how to make hot ice crazy
 a men cooking with dog
 a person is drawing cartoon characters .
 someone is drawing a cartoon .
 two men are talking in front of a fountain .
 someone is riding a horse and jumping hurdles .
 a jockey is riding a horse through an obstacle course .
 someone is stirring something in a pot .
 a man is cutting tomato .
 the thevar magan was the wonderful tamil movie
 the man is peeling shrimp .
 a man and woman are dancing outside .
 a dishevelled man walks down narrow stairs
 a person is step down .
 sivaji is talking to kamal hassan in a film sequence .
 a woman is cutting up some brocoli .
 a man is peeling shrimp .
 two men are talking .
 a man and woman dance near waterfalls .
 the horse and rider jumped over hurdles .
 a young man riding a horse .
 a girl preparing food
 karthick and thamana were dancing .
 a man is swinging on a rope .
 a chef dicing scallions .
 a man chops scallions .
 the person is cooking the something
 a man jumps off a roof onto a pole and slides down .
 a person is peeling shrimp .
 a man drops a tomato over a knife .
 the lemur is being tickled under the arms .
 a woman is cutting a stalk of broccoli into small pieces .
 a man is cooking something in a pan .
 the man dropped the tomatoe onto the knife to slice it .
 some kind of unique chicken recipe with buttermilk is to be cooked .
 a person is stirring a mixture .
 the person is draw the figure
 a person is peeling shrimp .
 a woman is chopping broccoli with a knife .
 a couple of marriage
 a girls wakes up from bed .
 a man is swinging on a chain .
 a man drops a tomato on a knife to slice it .
 a man is cleaning a shrimp .
 chicken roast is getting ready .
 a young man is sliding down a pole from a roof .
 a man shakes a plastic container .
 a man is sliding down a pole .
 a woman is slicing cauliflower .
 a man jumps off the rooftop of a building  slides down on a flag pole ahead of it and falls on the ground . 
 a person draws a peanuts cartoon character .
 someone is seasoning chicken pieces in a bowl .
 the man is chopping spring onion into fine bits .
 a man walking down the stairs .
 a man and woman are dancing in the water .
 a man is coming downstairs .
 a man walking downstairs from some kind of cave .
 stupid man trying to slide down a pole from the terrace and falls .
 men are arguing .
 the man is prepareing buttermilk fried chicken
 a man jumps off the roof and falls to the ground .
 someone  standing at a sink   is peeling raw shrimp with their fingers and putting the peels in a small plastic container . 
 someone is tickling a cute exotic animal .
 a child is waking up .
 man swinging on a rope .
 a man is making the souse
 the woman is cutting broccoli .
 a young man is get down from the steps .
 the person scratched the monkey s arm pits !
 two men are talking .
 a man is swinging to and fro on a rope in a store room as loud noises are heard in the background .
 a man is putting seasoning on several pieces of chicken .
 two men are talking in a building during a rain shower .
 someone is scratching an animals belly .
 a cook is seasoning raw chicken in a bowl .
 a man is slicing green onion .
 a stranger is fighting with group of young guys .
 the man is swinging on the chain .
 an artist drew a cartoon of lucy .
 a person is cutting chicken .
 the men are play cricket
 a man falling off from roof .
 a man is drawing .
 the man and woman are dancing .
 men drop each other to the ground .
 a person is drawing a picture .
 someone is doing an art .
 a man puts a necklace on a woman .
 a woman first cuts the stem and then chops a broccoli flowerette into smaller pieces .
 a girl is waking up from bed .
 a guy falls after a failed attempt of sliding down a flagpole .
 a horse is jumping hurdles .
 someone is sketching cartoon characters .
 the man is slicing a tomato .
 a person is riding a horse on a ground as it jumps across an obstacle .
 a man and a woman are dancing in front of a waterfall .
 the girl is hoers riding
 the couple are dancing .
 two men are having a conversation as it is raining in the background .
 teams playing baseball .
 chef cutting asparagus to prepare onigiri .
 two men are talking .
 a man is walking .
 a man is walking downstairs in a dimly lit brick building .
 the lady is cooking with the dog .
 a man and woman dance in front of a waterfall .
 the video shows how to prepare onigiri ( japanese rice balls )
 a man is putting a necklace on a woman .
 the man is walking down the stairs .
 a person are playing with some animal .
 an illustration on preparing chicken .
 a woman is slicing some tapioca .
 a man puts a necklace on a woman .
 a man is falling
 scallions are being sliced .
 the man shook the water from the container .
 men are fighting .
 a woman cutting up vegatables
 a lady is chopping broccoli .
 a couple are getting married .
 a man is throwing a tomato on a knife .
 a man is peeling shrimp .
 someone is stirring a mixture above a fire .
 two men are talking .
 masagining monky
 garlic is being chopped .
 a person is stirring
 someone is seasoning chicken .
 a woman is cutting up some brocolli .
 a man puts a necklace on a woman .
 easy chicken curry
 the men are talking .
 showing how to make hot ice .
 two persons are talking with each other
 two men are talking .
 the lady peeled the shrimp .
 two men are talking while it rains outside .
 a man is walking down some stairs .
 a woman is cutting garlic .
 someone is petting a lemur .
 a woman is stroking a lemur .
 a person is stirring water in a pan .
 a man is jumpfalling through a piller .
 someone baking chicken
 a man is riding horse and jumping over obstacles .
 men are fighting .
 a woman is cutting broccoli using a knife .
 a man is preparing shrimp to cook .
 a man slices a tomato in half .
 two men are talking .
 a person is pampering the pet animal .
 a man ties the sacred thread around the neck of a woman seated beside him in a wedding ceremony .
 a man is oscillating on a rope
 a man jumps off a roof and slides down a flagpole .
 a man is ripping off the shell of a shrimp .
 a prepared chicken dish ready for the eating .
 a man chops up some garlic .
 a man is straining some noodles .
 a man approaches another man at a doorway .
 a person is chopping cloves of garlic .
 a man is marrying a woman .
 a man is playing with the rope .
 a man is cutting something for preparing food
 a man jumps off a roof onto a pole and falls to the ground .
 a man cooking his kichen
 a woman is cutting a green onion into thin slices .
 a man is making chips with a knife .
 the animal is being scratched under the arms .
 it s raining outside while two men are standing inside a glassed in area talking .
 a man is jumping off a roof on to a pole  then sliding down and falling off of it . 
 a man is chopping vegetables .
 a woman cuts up a stalk of broccoli .
 a chef dices an onion .
 a woman is chopping a brocolli .
 hero and heroin are dancing in a song sequence .
 the man approached another man with a complaint .
 a man walks down stairs .
 the lady chopped onions and broccoli .
 dance in the rain
 a baseball player hits a home run .
 a man is drawing lucy from `` the peanut  comic strip .
 two men are talking .
 the father and son discus with serious matter in rainy day at home
 a kid sliding down a poll
 a man smashed the ball with 141 km speed in the baseball match .
 a horse is jumping over a fence .
 a person is slicing celery into thin slices .
 a young man is walking down steps in a cavern .
 two men are discussing something .
 a person is drawing a cartoon .
 a man and woman are sitting side by side and the man puts a necklace around the woman s neck .
 the men are in a fight with each other .
 a man is adding spices to chicken pieces .
 someone is chopping garlic on a chopping board
 a man is shaking a container .
 a man is slicing a tomato .
 the man walked down the stairs .
 horse backing races
 a mixture is stirred on a stove .
 someone is riding a horse as it makes a jump .
 a man puts a necklace on a woman .
 a man is draining a container into the sink .
 a chef is seasoning chicken .
 a man holding a tomato in one hand and blades in another throws the tomato at the blades cutting the tomato in half .
 a man is talking to another man .
 a man is walking down steps .
 a person is drawing some cartoon .
 a man is swinging from a chain .
 a man is swinging in a rope .
 a man swinging from a rope
 a man is walking down a dimly lit stairwell with a sunny opening at the bottom .
 the two boys fighting them
 a monkey playing with someone
 someone is putting spices on some chicken .
 a person is sprinkling spices on raw chicken .
 chicken is being seasoned .
 a man is playing on the rope
 buttermilk fried chicken
 the man is hanging in the rope .
 a man is cutting up a scallion very fine .
 a men racing on horse
 a cook stirs a mixture .
 chopping onion into pieces
 ingredients are added to chicken pieces in a bowl .
 a piece of garlic is being chopped .
 a child in bed is waking up .
 a lady is cutting the cauliflower using knife .
 the person is cutting the tamato
 two people are dancing .
 a baseball player makes a hit .
 a woman cooking her kichen
 a boy drunkenly walks down the stairs .
 two people are dancing .
 a man painting
 a person is cutting vegetables .
 a woman cuts up broccoli .
 a hero and the heroine are dancing for the song .
 the man on his horse jumped over the hurdle .
 a man is draining liquid out of a plastic container .
 a little girl wakes up in bed .
 boys are fighting .
 there is a preparation of butter milk chicken
 a man and a woman dance beside a waterfall .
 one little girl is sleeping on bed .
 someone is drawing a picture .
 a fat man is making pasta
 a man is walking down a flight of stairs .
 a man talks to another man .
 a lemur with outstretched arms is being scratched by a person .
 a chef is teaching his fried chicken recipe .
 a woman is chopping garlic .
 two men are talking .
 a person is chopping up a green onion .
 a man adds spices to chicken pieces while cooking .
 a women is cutting the vegetable
 a man and a woman are dancing .
 someone is stirring something in a saucepan with what appears to be a stick .
 someone is stirring a pot .
 a cook cuts up some cauliflower .
 a man slices a tomato in half by throwing it against a blade .
 a person is stirring a small pot on a stove .
 a persong is slicing some vegetables with knife
 teenage boys get into a shoving match .
 a slow loris is being tickled .
 a man is riding a horse .
 a man drops a tomato onto a knife  which cuts it in two . 
 the person is dissolving the chemical in the water .
 a baseball player hits a homerun .
 a person is playing with small animal
 a woman is cutting up a stalk of broccoli .
 the horse and rider are going through an obstacle course .
 a man is shaking a container over a sink .
 a man is trying an action hero
 the man chopped the vegetable into fine pieces .
 two men talk to one another .
 a woman is chopping garlic with a large knife .
 seasonings are being mixed into a bowl of chicken pieces .
 a man is swinging from a rope in his garage .
 a man is walking down some stairs .
 a man is swinging on the rope .
 a person is peeling raw shrimp .
 learn to draw good cartoons
 men are fighting .
 the man approached another man looking out the window .
 a lady cutting a broccoli inorder to make some meal .
 chicken is being seasoned and stirred .
 the man is shaking the container .
 two men are having a conversation .
 the boys fought on the grass .
 a woman is cutting broccoli .
 a man is riding and jumping a horse .
 a group of boys are fighting .
 someone is stirring a liquid in a small pot with a wooden stick .
 the man and woman got married .
 a man is cleaning the prawns .
 the men are fighting and pushing each other .
 a woman is chopping broccoli .
 broccoli is being chopped .
 a baseball player successfully hits a ball during a game .
 a person peels shrimp .
 two men are having a conversation .
 the man sliced a tomato .
 a man is climbing down the stairs .
 the man threw the tomatoe onto the sharp knife to slice it .
 a man and woman are dancing near a waterfall .
 a man is dropping a tomato on a knife  cutting it in half . 
 the person is making the chicken curry
 a man is swing upside down on a rope .
 a man is pouring water out of a plastic container .
 a girl is waking up .
 a man is draining pasta .
 one couple is dancing
 a sudden accedent of a boy
 a group of people celebrate .
 someone dusted the chicken with spices and stirred .
 a woman is cutting the fresh garlic to prepare the chicken curry .
 a man is swinging .
 a man is swinging on a rope .
 a person is mixing gee .
 someone chopped up a turnip .
 a horseback rider completes an obstacle course .
 two men are discussing something .
 the little girl woke up from her sleep .
 a women made dish
 a man showing how to cook chicken .
 a woman is chopping broccoli .
 a baseball player hitting ball at 141km
 preparing something
 a couple are dancing .
 drawing the figure .
 a woman is wearing a wedding necklace by her husband .
 a little girl is waking up .
 the man shook the water from the container .
 a person throws a tomato onto a knife .
 a girl wakes up in bed .
 the baby drawing the picture in the paper
 the green onion is chopped .
 in video baseball match is been played and a player is hitting a ball
 a man and woman are dancing near a waterfall .
 a man riding the horse .
 a woman jumps over hurdles with a horse .
 a man is walking down the stairs .
 two men are talking .
 a small celery stick is being sliced .
 someone is scratching a slow loris .
 a group of boys are fighting .
 an individual draws lucy from peanuts .
 two men have a discussion while it rains outside .
 he is jumping below  escaping from somebody ' chasing 
 someone is riding a horse .
 the man is drawing a cartoon .
 a man doing some crazious thing by cooking an ice on a stove .
 a cartoonist drawing cartoons .
 a couple are dancing near a water falls .
 a man is drawing the character  lucy  from the charlie brown cartoon . 
 a baseball player hits a ball at a speed of 141km .
 two men are talking .
 a man slides down a flag pole .
 a person is preparing shrimp .
 a baseball player is hitting the ball .
 a man painting .
 a man cooking in the kitchen and a doggy sit near him
 thevar magan
 two men are speaking .
 a baby is getting on the bed
 a man is walking down some stairs .
 a man is swinging on a chain .
 a man is walking down the stairs .
 they are fighting
 videos for beirut - nantes
 a peanuts character is drawn .
 the man is playing baseball .
 a man is slicing vegetables .
 a woman chopping onion leaves .
 a man jumped from the roof to a flag pole .
 a couple playing in rain
 a man is walking down .
 fighting boys video
 a woman is cutting some vegetables .
 a boy is falling on roof
 celery is cut into smaller pieces .
 cutting up some spring onions .
 someone is walking down some stairs .
 the person is playing the cat
 charles schultz talking about his caroon characters in peanuts .
 a man is getting down the stairs .
 preparing chicken
 a baseball player hit a home run .
 a man performing amazing stunts with a rope
 a man puts a necklace on a woman .
 a baseball player hits a baseball .
 someone is scratching a lemur under the armpits .
 green onions being finally chopped
 a short clip on how to cook buttermilk chicken .
 seasonings are being sprinkled on pieces of raw chicken in a bowl .
 the dancers danced by the waterfall .
 a lemur is holding up it s arms and someone is scratching him .
 someone is drawing a picture .
 a woman finely chops a few garlic pods using a large knife .
 a person cutting few items in order to make a tasty chicken curry .
 someone is drawing a cartoon character .
 a man swings from a chain .
 a man is drawing a girl .
 a man is cokking chicken .
 the girl is wake up
 a movie scene from a telugu movie in which two persons are negotiating with each other .
 the person is playing the thread
 a person is drawing .
 two men are talking while it s raining .
 the man and woman are dancing .
 an animator draws a cartoon .
 a man is cooking egg .
 a man is walking down some stairs .
 a man is swinging from a rope .
 a man swings around .
 the girl woke up from sleep .
 the chicken is seasoned well .
 someone is mixing something in a pan .
 a person is stirring a slurry .
 a cricket batsman has hit the ball played .
 actor shivaji talking with kamala haashan !
 the man is jumping and sliding the pole to the ground .
 a man appears to be draining water off of pasta in a plastic container into a sink .
 the cook is seasoning chicken pieces .
 a young man jumps off a roof and slides down a pole  but crashes onto the ground . 
 a chef chopping a spring onion
 someone chop leek with knife .
 a baseball player hits a ball .
 someone cutting a scallion .
 a person rubs a small furry animal .
 a woman is chopping some garlic .
 the man is stirring liquid .
 a man places a chain around a woman s neck .
 a person is stirring a pot over an gas burner .
 it is a scene of south indian tamil movie .
 two men are fighting outdoors with a crowd looking on .
 a man jumps off a roof onto a flagpole and slides down .
 a baseball player hits a home run .
 two men are talking .
 a lady is cutting vegetable .
 a player is hitting the baseball .
 a woman chops a head of broccoli .
 two men are fighting .
 a man falling from a roof
 a man is cooking chicken .
 a chef is chopping a vegetable .
 the little girl rolled over and sat up .
 the men are playing baseball .
 video explains about production of instant hot ice
 a girl and boy is laughing
 a man is hitting a ball at baseball match .
 spices are added to a bowl of chicken .
 playing games
 the person is cooking
 going a wedding party in a movie scene
 a man is walking down the stairs .
 the man going down through steps .
 two men are talking .
 two men are talking while it rains outside .
 a person is drawing .
 boys are fighting .
 two men tussled with each other outside .
 a man is sliding down a flagpole to reach the sidewalk .
 a couple are dancing near a waterfall .
 a group of people fight .
 a woman is slicing beans .
 buttermilk chicken is placed on the table .
 a men doing action in the house
 a monkey is laughing
 a man come down from stairs
 the couple danced by the waterfall .
 a man is falling from the roof .
 raw chicken is being seasoned .
 she is teaching how to make easy chicken curry .
 a man is cutting tomato by throwing it on knife
 a couple is dancing
 a man is pushing the other man .
 a women cutting broccoli up
 two men are talking .
 a man is preparing the chicken curry .
 happy to help .
 a man walks down stairs .
 a man is prepairing meat .
 a girl wakes up from bed .
 woman chopping broccoli .
 someone is peeling a shrimp .
 a man swings on a rope in a garage .
 a man jumps off a roof and slides down a flagpole .
 the woman is dicing vegetables .
 seasoning is poured on chicken in a bowl .
 a man facing his back is walking down a stairway of a brick building .
 a boy is getting down form the steps
 a man is cutting some vegetable .
 a guy is looking down the ground .
 a person is dicing garlic .
 a person is making the hot ice
 a man is swinging on a rope .
 a fight has broken out
 someone is cutting up celery .
 a man cuts off the stalk of broccoli and makes smaller pieces broccoli .
 a person is scratching a lemur s stomach .
 someone is drawing a picture of a cartoon character .
 a woman is peeling shrimp .
 someone is drawing .
 two person discussing
 a woman is cutting food .
 someone is petting a monkey .
 a person stirs ingredients in a pot .
 a woman is cutting broccoli into florets .
 a girl is waking up .
 a man is adding spices to raw chicken in a mixing bowl .
 a man walks down stairs drowsily .
 a man is talking to another man while it rains outside .
 a cartoonist drawing the popular strip  peanuts . 
 a young man  who obviously just woke up   is walking down the stairs of a rundown   graffiticovered apartment building   meeting musicians along the week . 
 a person mixes a small pan .
 a man jumps off the roof and slides down a flag pole .
 a man is climbing down the stairs
 a man is slicing a long stalk of spring onion into fine pieces using a flat knife .
 a man is placing an object around a woman s neck .
 someone is stirring something .
 a person is tickling a slow loris .
 a man is draining pasta water into a sink .
 a man is dropping a tomato on a knife .
 woman is dicing scallions .
 a baseball player hits the ball he has been pitched .
 a boy walked down the stairs .
 the man and woman got married .
 a person is drawing a face on a paper .
 the lady massage the lemur and the lemur enjoy it
 proceedure for chicken curry
 a group of men are fighting .
 the man is peeling shrimp .
 a chef is draining pasta noodles .
 a man slides down a flagpole and falls off near the ground .
 a man is getting down a staircase .
 a man is sliding down a pole .
 a man and woman are dancing .
 a man shaking a container .
 the man put a necklace on a lady in a ceremony .
 a bushbaby holds its arms in the air while someone scratches its tummy .
 a cook is dicing a green onion .
 a woman is cutting a long green onion .
 a young man jumping off a roof onto a flagpole and sliding down .
 she is drawing a picture .
 father giving an advise to his son
 a guy is preparing the buttermilk fried chicken .
 the man put a necklace on the lady during a ceremony .
 a boy climb on the rope
 chicken is being season .
 a woman is cutting broccoli .
 they playing a type of play .
 a man is draining the water from cooked pasta .
 a man is swinging with a rope .
 a man is shaking a container over a kitchen sink .
 a man is doing marriage
 somebody is drawing .
 a young girl lying in a bed appears to wake up .
 a person is mixing .
 someone is playing with a lemur .
 several men in a group start fighting each other .
 a loris is raising both its arms to be scratched underneath .
 a man is swinging from a chain in a garage .
 one man chopping something with knife
 a man is climbing down a stair case .
 somebody is mixing some masalas into chiken .
 a baseball player hits a home run .
 someone rode a rope in the garage .
 a lady is dissolving something in a bowl
 the lady peeled the shrimp .
 a man wearing a cowboy hat swings from a rope inside a garage .
 a woman is riding a horse .
 a man is hanging a rope .
 seasonings are being put on chicken .
 she is cutting long green onions into small pieces
 a baseball batter is waiting for his pitch  when he gets it he hits a high flyball to left field . 
 a man is drawing a cartoon character .
 the man put a necklace around a woman s neck during a ceremony .
 a man try to jump on post and fell down .
 a lady is cutting a vegetable .
 a man and a woman are dancing near a waterfall .
 a woman is cutting broccoli with a knife .
 cooking with jack show demonstrates miracle blades series 3 .
 a man walks down some stairs .
 the men are in a fight .
 a man is swinging on rope .
 the man jumped to a flagpole from a rooftop .
 the lady scratched the little monkey s armpits !
 a person is chopping up a spring onion into fine pieces .
 fighting two boys in a college
 a man is walking down some stairs .
 one person talking to another person
 a person is peeling shrimp .
 people are fighting .
 a group of men fight .
 a man doing some funny stunts
 a man is walking down stairs .
 a man is slicing some long green onions .
 a food is chopped up .
 a man is slicing some mushroom .
 two people are dancing in front of a waterfall .
 a little girl is sleeping in bed and then wakes up .
 a man is draining a dish of food .
 people enjoying the marriage
 a person is riding a horse .
 fighting scene from a movie
 the baseball player has just hit a homerun .
 someone stirred the liguid in the pan .
 playing in pace ball
 a man cooking his kichen
 a person is seasoning chicken .
 seasoning is being poured on meat in a bowl .
 someone is stirring water .
 someone is stirring a pot .
 the man is going down .
 a man riding a horse jumps several hurdles .
 someone is putting a necklace on a girl .
 prepration of buttermilk fried chicken
 a man walks down the stairs .
 two men are talking .
 a man slices a tomato by dropping the tomato onto a stationary knife blade .
 a person is drawing cartoons .
 a man and woman are dancing .
 a woman is chopping broccoli .
 a guy hanging with rope .
 a man cooking his kichen
 a man put a necklace on a woman .
 a man is swinging on a rope .
 a man is draining pasta .
 chicken in a bowl is being mixed with spices and milk .
 a person seasons chicken in a bowl .
 a man slides down a flag pole and hits the ground hard
 a man is stairing down the steps .
 chicken is being seasoned .
 a person is peeling shrimp .
 a man jumps from a roof to a flagpole .
 a person is preparing
 buttermilk fried chicken
 a man hanging on a chain and revolving here and there .
 someone is drawing a cartoon of lucy van pelt .
 the boy is playing the dog
 a person is dicing scallions .
 a man puts a necklace on a woman .
 a woman starts getting out of bed .
 a person cuts up a stalk of broccoli .
 the women is cooking with dogs
 a man is walking down stairs .
 a person is cutting the tommoto
 a man and a woman is dancing in the water .
 a woman chops broccoli .
 a man stepping down slowly .
 a man is emptying a plastic container .
 a man is taking the shells off of some shrimp .
 a person is swinging on a rope in a garage .
 a person is hanging on a rope .
 a man drops a tomatoe on a knife and it cuts in half .
 someone is throwing a variety of spices on some raw chicken and mixing it up .
 a man drops a tomato over a knife held in his right hand which gets cuts into two pieces .
 a man is adding something to a bowl .
 a man is hanging on a rope
 a person is peeling shrimps .
 a person is drawing a cartoon character on a paper .
 super acting hero and heroin
 the person is stirring a liquid on top of the stove .
 a cook is cooking chicken
 a woman is cutting broccoli .
 a man is falling off a roof .
 someone is cutting a leek into small pieces .
 the man slid down the flag pole .
 someone put spices on the chicken .
 an artist is sketching the face of a cartoon woman on paper with her mouth wide open .
 a man is walking down the stairs .
 a woman is cutting broccoli .
 a man is woman is getting married .
 a girl is sitting up .
 a person stirs a mixture in a pot .
 father cajol s son to stay in village along with him  but son wants to go abroad and gets married to his lover . 
 two people are getting married .
 jemeela shows how to make chicken curry the right way .
 a group of men are fighting .
 a person is chopping garlic cloves .
 someone is stiring a sauce in a pan and then placing a jar in the refrigerator .
 a man walks down stairs .
 a person walks down a flight of stairs .
 men are fighting .
 the girl woke up .
 a man and a woman are dancing in the rain in the open in a song sequence against the backdrop of a waterfall .
 a man is walking down some stairs .
 a man is jumping off a roof .
 a person walking downstairs
 an old man advising his son .
 one fat man hanging with the help of rope in air
 a man is chopping up some leeks .
 several pieces of chicken are being tossed in a bowl after being sprinkled with herbs and spices .
 a guy is swinging on a rope .
 a boy play with the animal
 a man slowly walks down a staircase in a brick building .
 peoples are playing baseball .
 the cook is slicing green onions .
 a man is jumping off a roof  catching hold of a pole and sliding to the ground . 
 the men are having a conversation .
 someone cut up an edible root .
 two people are dancing .
 a man is walking down stairs .
 a pitcher pitches in a base ball game and the hitter hits a home run .
 someone is putting a necklace on a girl .
 a person dices a vegetable .
 the women is playing in the rain
 a girl is laying in her bed .
 a man sprinkles salt and various spices on pieces of chicken placed in a bowl and tosses them gently .
 a person coking .

